Cady: [Stands up and smiles] I think so.
Chip: [Prepares his camera to take a photo] It's Cady's big day. [Betsy and Cady both smile at the camera as Chip takes a picture.]
Cady (VO): I guess it's natural for parents to cry on their kid's first day of school. But, you know, this usually happens when the kid is five. [Betsy starts to get emotional and starts hugging Cady.] I'm sixteen, and until today, I was home-schooled. [Chip takes another picture]. I know what you're thinking. Home-schooled kids are freaks.
Cady (VO): Or that we're weirdly religious or something. [Scene cuts to what appears to be a farm with five boys who seem to be in poverty].
Cady (VO): But my family's totally normal. [A picture of Cady flashes on the screen. The picture then changes to Cady standing next to Chip with a snake around his neck]. Except for the fact that both my parents are research zoologists [The image changes to Cady, Chip and an African Warrior in the shot] and we've spent the last twelve years in Africa. [The image changes to Cady kneeling and petting a tiger cub]. I had a great life. [The picture changes to an upset Cady looking at the Camera]. But then my mom got offered tenure at Northwestern University. [The picture finally changes to Cady waving goodbye at the camera with some Giraffes in the background]. So it was goodbye Africa, [the scene finally changes back to present time, with Cady standing on the sidewalk opposite the school, waving goodbye to her parents] and hello high school. [As she walks toward the school a school bus speeds in front of her, nearly knocking her down. Chip and Betsy get startled].
Cady: I'm okay. Sorry. I'll be careful. [She waves them goodbye once more and starts walking towards the school again, Betsy waves her goodbye again. As Cady walks to school she accidentally bumps into a student, then sees a group of students burning something on the grass. She continues walking, enters a classroom and approaches one of the students standing at the teachers' desk.] Hi. I don't know if anyone told you about me. I'm a new student here. My name is Cady Heron.
Kristen Hadley: Talk to me again and I'll kick your ass. [Janis and Damian are then seen laughing. Cady approaches to take a seat next to Kristen Hadley, but Janis stops her.]
Kristen Hadley: Hey, baby. [Kristen and her boyfriend start making out. Cady then approaches to take a seat behind "Farting" Guy but is stopped by Janis again].
Janis: Uh-uh. He farts a lot. ["Farting" Guy gives Cady an innocent look while Cady responds in disgust. As she is about to take the next seat it is then occupied by another boy. Janis and Damian stare at her.]
Cady: Oh, God, I'm so sorry. [Janis, Damian and a few others including Michigan Girl start chuckling].
Ms. Norbury: It's not you. I'm bad luck. [Cady helps to tidy her desk and Ms Norbury attempts to take her sweater off. Just as Principal Ron Duvall enters the classroom, Ms Norbury's shirt gets stuck to her sweater, exposing her only in her bra].
Mr. Duvall: Ms. Norbury?
Cady: Yeah. [She helps her pull her shirt down].
Mr. Duvall: Is everything all right in here?
Mr. Duvall: So...how was your summer?
Mr. Duvall: My carpal tunnel came back.
Mr. Duvall: Yes, you do. Well, I just wanted to let everyone know that we have a new student joining us. [Cady stands at the other side of the classroom and starts smiling.] She just moved here all the way from Africa.
Mr. Duvall: [He takes out a flashcard and looks at it]. Her name is Cady. Cady Heron. Where are you, Cady?
Cady: That's me. It's pronounced like Katie.
Mr. Duvall: My apologies. I have a nephew named Anfernee, and I know how mad he gets when I call him Anthony. Almost as mad as I get when I think about the fact that my sister named him Anfernee.
Ms. Norbury: Well uh, welcome, Cady. And thank you, Mr. Duvall.
Mr. Duvall: Well, thank you. And… if you need anything or if you wanna talk to somebody...
Mr. Duvall: Okay. [Looks down at her shirt]. Okay, good day, everybody.
Cady (VO): The first day of school was a blur. A stressful, surreal blur. [She is shown walking down the hallway.] I got in trouble for the most random things. [The scene changes to her class. She gets up from her seat and attempts to leave the classroom.]
Cady: Oh, I have to go to the bathroom.
Cady: Okay. Can I have the lavatory pass?
Cady (VO): [looks confused and returns to her seat] I had never lived in a world where adults didn't trust me, where they were always yelling at me.
[Cady buys some milk from the cafeteria and looks around to find a place to a sit. She heads over to the 'Cool Asians' table, but Trang Pak places a bag on the chair].
[Cady sees the Varsity Jocks table and overhears their conversation].
Cady (VO): [Disturbed by their conversation, she heads over to the 'unfriendly black hotties' table.] I had a lot of friends in Africa.
Cady: Jambo! [The whole table shoots her weird looks].
CADY (VO): But so far, none in Evanston.
[The Camera then zooms into a bathroom stall to reveal Cady eating her sandwich on the toilet. The scene then transitions into Cady walking back home, only to be called by her dad.]
Chip: Hey. How was your first day? [Both he and Betsy look excited. Cady simply ignores him and walks into the house.]
[At school the next day, Cady enters class and takes a seat next to Damian].
Damian: [Leaning towards Cady] Is that your natural hair color?
Cady: Yeah.
Cady: Thank you.
Damian: [Grabs Cady's ponytail and matches it with his own hair] See, this is the color I want.
Cady: [Damian releases Cady's ponytail] Nice to meet you.
Janis: [To Huge Guy] Your mom's chest hair! [To Cady] I'm Janis.
Cady: Hi, I'm Cady. [Looks down at he schedule] Do you guys know where Room G-14 is?
Cady: [smiles] Thanks!
Damian: Watch out, please! New meat coming through! [He is pulling Cady while Janis is pushing her. They are then seen walking across the school field.] "Health, Spanish..." You're taking 12th-grade calculus?
Cady: Yeah, I like math.
Cady: Because it's the same in every country.
Cady: [Looks around] Where is the back building?
Cady: Won't we get in some sort of trouble for this?
Cady (VO): I know it's wrong to skip class, but Janis said we were friends. And I was in no position to pass up friends. I guess I'll never know what I missed on that first day of health class. [She takes her bag off and sits down with them].
Cady: They wanted me to get socialized.
Cady: What are you talking about?
Cady: What?
Cady: It's Cady. C-A-D-Y.
Cady: Who are The Plastics?
Janis: Wow. Damian, you've truly out-gayed yourself. (to Cady) Here. This map is gonna be your guide to North Shore. Now, where you sit in the cafeteria is crucial because you got everybody there. You got your freshmen, ROTC guys, preps, JV jocks, Asian nerds, cool Asians, varsity jocks, unfriendly black hotties, girls who eat their feelings, girls who don't eat anything, desperate wannabes, burnouts, sexually active band geeks, the greatest people you will ever meet, and the worst. Beware of The Plastics.
Cady: OK.
Cady: What?
Cady: My what?
Cady: No, thank you.
Cady: I'm new. I just moved here from Africa.
Cady: I used to be home-schooled.
Cady: My mom taught me at home...
Cady: I didn't say anything.
Cady: Thanks.
Cady: Thank you.
Cady: What?
Cady: Oh, I don't know...
Cady: Oh, my mom made it for me.
Cady: Yeah, sure.
Cady: Oh, it's OK...
Cady: Regina seems sweet.
Cady: Why do you hate her?
Cady: Regina. You seem to really hate her.
Cady: Well, my question is, why?
Cady: What do we even talk about?
Cady: Is that a band?
Cady: OK, fine. Do you have anything pink?
Cady (VO): By eighth period, I was so happy to get to math class. I mean, I'm good at math. I understand math. Nothing in math class could mess me up.
Cady (VO): I've only had one other crush in my life. His name was Nfume, and we were 5. It didn't work out. But this one hit me like a big, yellow school bus.
Ms. Norbury: Cady, what do you say?
Cady (VO): He was…
Cady: So cute. I mean, A-sub-N equals N plus one over four.
Cady: Fine.
Cady: No.
Cady: Yeah.
Cady (VO): Having lunch with The Plastics was like leaving the actual world and entering "Girl World". And Girl World had a lot of rules.
Cady: I wouldn't?
Cady: It's 40 percent. Well, over equals X over and then you cross-multiply and get the value of X.
Cady: Well, there's this guy in my calculus class...
Cady: His name's Aaron Samuels.
Cady (VO): Even though I wasn't allowed to like Aaron, I was still allowed to look at him. And think about him. And talk to him.
Cady: Hey, Aar...
Cady: Yeah.
Cady: Yeah, definitely.
Cady: OK.
Cady (VO): Regina's like the Barbie doll I never had. I'd never seen anybody so glamorous.
Cady: It's good. I think I'm joining the Mathletes.
Cady (VO): Being at Old Orchard Mall kind of reminded me of being home in Africa. By the watering hole. When the animals are in heat.
Cady: Wow, your house is really nice.
Gretchen: Hey, Mrs. George. This is Cady.
Cady: Hi.
Cady: This is your room?
Regina: It was my parents' room, but I made them trade me. Hey, put on 98.8. Cady, do you even know who sings this?
Cady: The Spice Girls?
Cady (VO): I used to think there was just fat and skinny. Apparently, there's a lot of things that can be wrong on your body.
Cady: I have really bad breath in the morning.
Cady: Thanks. Um. Is there alcohol in this?
Cady: No, thank you.
Gretchen: Come check it out, Cady. It's our Burn Book. See, we cut out girls' pictures from the yearbook, and then we wrote comments.
Cady: Yeah. He's almost too gay to function.
Cady (VO): Oh, no. Maybe that was only OK when Janis said it.
Cady: And they have this Burn Book where they write mean things about all the girls in our grade.
Cady: (She's lying.) You're not in it.
Cady: No way!
Cady: I don't steal.
Janis: (to Damian.) That is for your feet. (to Cady.) Caddy, there are two kinds of evil people. People who do evil stuff, and people who see evil stuff being done and don't try to stop it.
Ms. Norbury: Your nana and I have that in common. No, actually, I'm just here because I bartend a couple nights a week down at P.J. Calamity's. Cady, I hope you do join Mathletes, you know, because we start in a couple weeks and I would love to have a girl on the team, just, you know, so the team could meet a girl.
Cady: I think I'm gonna do it.
Cady: Bye.
Cady: I can't spy on her anymore. It's weird.
Cady: Hello?
Cady (VO): Oh, God, busted. Just start apologizing and crying. No, play it cool.
Cady: Secret? What are you saying about?
Cady: Is that bad?
Cady: Really? You would do that? I mean, nothing embarrassing, though, right?
Cady: No.
Cady: Yeah, it was pretty bitchy, but I'm not mad. I mean, I guess she just likes the attention.
Regina: (to Cady and Gretchen.) OK, love you. See you tomorrow.
Cady (VO): I had survived my first three-way calling attack. And with Regina's blessing, I started talking to Aaron more and more. On October 3rd, he asked me what day it was.
Cady: It's October 3rd.
Cady (VO): Two weeks later, we spoke again.
Cady: Yeah.
Cady (VO): But I wanted things to move faster. So I followed my instincts.
Cady: Hey, I'm totally lost. Can you help me?
Cady (VO): But I wasn't lost.
Cady (VO): I knew exactly what Ms. Norbury was talking about.
Cady (VO): Wrong.
Cady: Is that the summation?
Cady (VO): Wrong. He was so wrong.
Cady: Thanks. I...I get it now.
Cady: Yeah, sure.
Cady: OK.
Cady: Grool. I meant to say "cool" and then I started to say "great".
Cady: Yeah, I'll be right back.
Cady (VO): OK, I lied. But I had to go home and work on my costume. In the regular world, Halloween is when children dress up in costumes and beg for candy. In Girl World, Halloween is the one night a year when a girl can dress like a total slut and no other girls can say anything about it. The hard-core girls just wear lingerie and some form of animal ears.
Cady (VO): Unfortunately, no one told me about the slut rule. So I showed up like this.
Cady: Hey.
Cady: Hey.
Cady: It's Halloween.
Cady: Hey.
Cady: An "ex-wife".
Cady: Yeah.
Cady: Thanks.
Regina: Shut up. I need to talk to you. You know that girl Cady?
Cady (VO): This was it. Regina said she would talk to Aaron for me, and now she was.
Cady (VO): How could Janis hate Regina? She was such a good…SLUT!
Cady (VO): I had never felt this feeling before. I could hear my heartbeat in my ears. My stomach felt like it was going to fall out my butt. I had this lump in my throat like after you dry-swallow a big pill. I hated Regina. I hated her!
Cady: She took him back. Regina took Aaron back.
Cady: Why would she do that?
Cady: We are?
Cady: I can do it.
Cady (VO): Pretending like nothing was wrong turned out to be surprisingly easy.
Cady: No, I know.
Cady: God, no.
Regina: Why do you wear your hair like that? You hair looks so sexy pushed back. Cady, will you please tell him his hair looks sexy pushed back.
Cady (VO): Regina was dangling Aaron in front of me on purpose. I knew how this would be settled in the animal world. But this was Girl World.
Cady: Your hair looks sexy pushed back.
Cady (VO): And in Girl World, all the fighting had to be sneaky.
Cady: Wait. I have this really good skin stuff I'll bring you.
Cady (VO): We kept our eyes open for opportunities for sabotage.
Cady: Regina. Here you go.
Cady: I can't. I have to go to Regina's to practice for the talent show. We're doing a dance to this song...
Cady: You guys know that song?
Cady: Well, I have to learn it. Go. (to Regina) Hey.
Cady: I don't know, I mean, she's so weird. She just, you know, came up to me and started talking to me about crack.
Regina: (to Cady) That is the ugliest F-ing skirt I've ever seen.
Cady: So are you gonna send any candy canes?
Cady (VO): I was definitely sending her one. I was gonna use three candy canes to crack Gretchen Wieners.
Cady: Three, please.
Cady: It's Cady.
Damian: (dressed as Santa) Oh, Cady, here you go. One for you. And none for Gretchen Wieners. Bye.
Cady: (reading) "Thanks for being such a great friend. Love, Regina." That's so sweet.
Cady (VO): Once Gretchen thought Regina was mad at her, the secrets started pouring out. All I had to do was wait for one we could use.
Mr. Duvall: Thank you. Welcome to the North Shore High School winter talent show. Let me hear you make some noise. All right, settle down. Our first act calls himself a star on the rise. Let's hear it for Damian.
Cady: Yeah, Regina has been acting kind of weird lately. I mean, is something bothering her?
Mr. Duvall: Thank you, Kevin, that's enough.
Mr. Duvall: 'K.G. and the Power of Three'. That was something.
Regina: Gretchen, switch sides with Cady.
Mr. Duvall: And finally, please welcome to the stage, Santa's Helpers doing "Jingle Bell Rock".
Cady: Thanks.
Gretchen: Cady's blushing. Oh, my God. You totally have a crush on that guy.
Cady: No, I don't.
Cady (VO): Gretchen Wieners had cracked.
Cady (VO): Jackpot. Gretchen's secret had put the plan back in motion. After Christmas break, we tried every Thursday to help Aaron catch Regina in the act.
Cady: Hey.
Cady: My purse! Looks like he's headed for the projection room above the auditorium!
Cady: Guys, why did we think we could do this? We're amateurs.
Cady: (to Janis and Damian) They're these weird Swedish nutrition bars. My mom used to give them to the kids in Africa to help them gain weight. (to Regina) They're these weird nutrition bars my mom uses to lose weight.
Cady: Yeah, you know, there's some weird ingredient in them that's not legal in the U.S. yet.
Cady: No.
Cady: No. It burns carbs. It just burns up all your carbs.
Cady (VO): The weird thing about hanging out with Regina was that I could hate her, and at the same time, I still wanted her to like me.
Cady: Thanks.
Cady (VO): Same with Gretchen. The meaner Regina was to her, the more Gretchen tried to win Regina back. She knew it was better to be in The Plastics, hating life than to not be in at all. Because being with The Plastics was like being famous. People looked at you all the time, and everybody just knew stuff about you.
Bethany Byrd: I saw Cady Heron wearing Army pants and flip-flops, so I bought Army pants and flip-flops.
Jason: That Cady girl is hot. She might even be hotter than Regina George.
Mr. Duvall: I hear Regina George is dating Aaron Samuels again. The two were seen canoodling at Chris Eisel's Halloween party. They've been inseparable ever since.
Cady (VO): I was a woman possessed. I spent about 80 percent of my time talking about Regina. And the other 20 percent of the time, I was praying for someone else to bring her up so I could talk about her more.
Cady: She's not even that good-looking if you really look at her.
Cady (VO): I could hear people getting bored with me. But I couldn't stop. It just kept coming up like word vomit.
Cady: I have this theory that if you cut all her hair off, she'd look like a British man.
Cady: Coolness.
Cady: Oh, Regina gave me some perfume.
Cady: Thanks.
Cady (VO): Meanwhile, I was finding any excuse I could to talk to Aaron.
Cady: I don't get this. Do you get any of this?
Ms. Norbury: Nice job, Cady.
Cady (VO): If I was gonna keep this going, I was gonna have to really commit.
Cady: Not so good. You know, I think I need a tutor.
Cady: Do you think Regina would mind?
Cady: So, what did you get for this one?
Cady (VO): Wrong.
Cady (VO): There you go.
Cady: I got one too.
Cady: Yeah, like negative four and negative six.
Cady: Well, you're a good tutor.
Cady: Why do you like her?
Cady: Then why do you like her?
Cady: But-
Cady (VO): Oh, no. It was coming up. The word vomit. I didn't mean to say it, but...
Cady: She's cheating on you!
Cady: You're not stupid, Karen.
Cady: Well, there must be something you're good at.
Cady: No. That's OK. Anything else?
Cady: What do you mean?
Cady: Really? That's amazing.
Cady (VO): I have to admit, I was mildly horrified when Aaron didn't immediately ask me to be his girlfriend. I mean, I know he was sad, but how much time did he need? Regina had moved on.
Cady (VO): But overall, the plan was going pretty well. Aaron had dumped Regina, and she was unknowingly eating 5000 calories a day. It was time to turn our attention to the army of skanks.
Announcements Teacher:... is Cady Heron.
Cady: Damian, you put me in there too? That's not part of the plan.
Cady: You mean I'm really nominated?
Cady (VO): In January, Regina had put a Spring Fling dress on hold at a store called 1-3-5. But being Plastic, she needed our advice before she could actually buy it.
Regina: Cady, all I've been eating are these Kälteen bars. They suck.
Cady: No, no, this is just how they work. This is all your water weight. First you bloat, and then you drop 10 pounds like that. Well, the Kälteen bars have burned up all your carbs, and now your body's just running on water. But once the water's gone, then you'll be all muscle. It explains it all on the label.
Cady: Yeah, everyone in Africa can read Swedish.
Ms. Norbury: Cady. I need your parents to sign this so they know that you're failing.
Cady: Failing?
Ms. Norbury: You know what's weird about your quizzes, Cady, is that all the work is right and just the answers are wrong.
Cady: Really?
Ms. Norbury: Really. Cady, I know that having a boyfriend may seem like the most important thing in the world right now, but you don't have to dumb yourself down to get guys to like you.
Cady (VO): How would you know?
Cady: Thanks, Ms. Norbury. And if there's anything I can do for extra credit, please let me know.
Cady: I hate her! I mean, she's totally failing me on purpose because I didn't join those stupid Mathletes! She was so queer. She was like, "I'm a pusher, Cady. I'm a pusher."
Cady: Probably. She said she works three jobs. You know, I bet she sells drugs on the side to pay for her pathetic divorce.
Cady (VO): I know it may look like I'd become a bitch, but that's only because I was acting like a bitch.
Cady: Oh, I got busy. Sorry.
Cady: No. I have to go to Madison with my parents. I'm so sorry.
Cady: Can't. I'm doing major Plastic sabotage tonight.
Cady: (to Janis & Damian.) Oh, I planned this one on my own. Love you. Bye. (She's on the phone to Regina.) Gretchen thinks you're mad at her because she's running for Spring Fling Queen.
Cady: So you don't think anyone will vote for her?
Regina: Cady, she's not pretty. I mean, that sounds bad, but whatever. The Spring Fling Queen is always pretty. And the crazy thing is is that it should be Karen, but people forget about her because she's such a slut. Anyway, I gotta go. I'm going to bed. (She hangs up.)
Cady: (to Gretchen.) Well, she's not mad at you.
Cady: Are you OK?
Gretchen: (to Cady.) I'm not taking this anymore.
Cady: Good for you, Gretch.
Cady: Little harsh, Gretch.
Gretchen: (to Cady.) Whatever. She has a right to know.
Cady: Yes.
Cady (VO): Gretchen and Karen followed me around all afternoon.
Cady: Oh, I have to go to Madison with my parents.
Cady: We have tickets for this thing.
Cady (VO): Was I the new queen bee?
Cady: I can try and get out of it.
Cady: (to her parents) Because I told my friend Janis I'd go to her art show.
Cady: But she's my friend, and I made her a promise.
Chip: I think Cady's old enough to spend one night on her own.
Cady (VO): I had learned how to control everyone around me.
Cady: Hey. I'm having a small get-together at my house tomorrow night.
Cady: No. Do you think I'm an idiot? No, it's just gonna be a few cool people, and you better be one of them, byotch.
Cady: Shut up. I love that shirt on you.
Cady (VO): Aaron Samuels was going to be in my house at my party. Everything had to be perfect. And this time when Aaron saw me, I wouldn't be caught in some ridiculous costume.
Cady: Hey, guys.
Cady: I know, right? OK, so I got enough cheese and crackers for eight people. Do you think that's enough?
Cady: OK.
Cady (VO): It was not enough. Somehow, the word had gotten out about my small get-together.
Cady: Have you guys seen Aaron yet?
Cady: Do I know you?
Cady: Hey! Put that down!
Cady (VO): Was Aaron blowing me off?
Cady (VO): Oh, no.
Cady: (to Kevin) I have to pee. (to a random couple) Get out. Oh ow.
Cady: Hey.
Cady: Me too.
Cady: Thanks.
Cady: No, no. Let's stay here.
Cady: Yeah, sure, no problem.
Cady: I would never lie to you.
Cady: Although... OK, listen. I mean, I did lie to you once, but you're totally gonna laugh when I tell you, so…
Cady: I pretended to be bad at math so that you'd help me. But the thing is, I'm not really bad at math. I'm actually really good at math. You're kind of bad at math. Anyways, now I'm failing. Isn't that funny?
Cady: No. Not on purpose. Just, you know…I just wanted a reason to talk to you.
Cady: Well, because I couldn't. Because of Regina. Because you were her property...
Cady: No. Shut up. Not her property...
Cady: I wasn't...
Cady: Oh, no, no, listen to me. You're not listening to me...
Cady (VO): Oh, no. It was coming up again. Word vomit. No, wait a minute...
Cady (VO): Actual vomit.
Cady: (throws up)
Cady: Aaron! Aaron, wait! Just…OK. Call me. (sees Janis) Oh, God.
Cady: I'm sorry. I can explain.
Cady: You know I couldn't invite you. I had to pretend to be Plastic.
Cady: You're the one who made me like this so you could use me for your eighth-grade revenge.
Cady: You know what? It's not my fault you're in love with me or something!
Janis: See? That is the thing with you Plastics. You think that everybody is in love with you, when actually, everybody hates you. Like Aaron Samuels, for example. He broke up with Regina and guess what. He still doesn't want you. So why are you still messing with Regina, Cady? I'll tell you why. Because you are a mean girl! You're a bitch! Here. You can have this. It won a prize.
Regina: Motherf...(spits out chocolate) (screams) (writing) This girl is the nastiest skank bitch I've ever met. Do not trust her. She is a fugly slut! (to Mr. Duvall) (cries) I found it in the girls' bathroom. It's so mean, Mr. Duvall.
Mr. Duvall: Is this true? Trang Pak made out with Coach Carr? Good Lord. What's that say? "Kaitlyn Caussin is a..."?
Mr. Duvall: OK, calm down, Miss George.
Mr. Duvall: Don't worry, we're gonna find out who did it.
Coach Carr: Cady Heron, they wanna see you in the principal's office. All right, chlamydia. K-L-A...
Mr. Duvall: In here, Miss Heron.
Cady: What's going on?
Mr. Duvall: Have a seat, Miss Heron. Have you ever seen this before?
Cady: No. I mean, yes, I've seen it before, but it's not mine.
Mr. Duvall: You better get your story straight, Miss Heron, because I'm not messing around here.
Mr. Duvall: Miss Wieners, why would Regina refer to herself as a "fugly slut"? (Karen laughs) Miss Smith, this is no time to be laughing. We're gonna get to the bottom of this right now.
Mr. Duvall: Do you have anything else you wanna say?
Mr. Duvall: Miss Smith?
Mr. Duvall: I hope that nobody else ever does see it.
Mr. Duvall: Now, here's what we're gonna do...
Cady (VO): It was full-tilt jungle madness. And it wasn't going away.
Mr. Duvall: Coach Carr, step away from the underage girls. Let me help you down there. Whoa! Hell, no! I did not leave the Southside for this!
Mr. Duvall: All junior girls report to the gymnasium immediately! Immediately!
Cady (VO): Have you ever walked up to people and realized they were just talking about you? Have you ever had it happen 60 times in a row? I have.
Mr. Duvall: Never in my 14 years as an educator have I seen such behavior. And from young ladies. I got parents calling me on the phone asking, "Did someone get shot?" I ought to cancel your Spring Fling.
Mr. Duvall: Now, I'm not gonna do that, because we've already paid the DJ. But don't think that I'm not taking this book seriously. Coach Carr has fled school property. Ms. Norbury has been accused of selling drugs. Now, what the young ladies in this grade need is an attitude makeover. And you're gonna get it right now. I don't care how long it takes, I will keep you here all night.
Mr. Duvall: I will keep you here until 4. Now, what we're gonna try to do is fix the way you young ladies relate to each other. OK? Lady to lady. So who has a lady problem that they'd like to talk about? Yes?
Mr. Duvall: Yeah, I can't do this. Ms. Norbury. You're a successful, intelligent, caring, graceful woman.
Mr. Duvall: There has to be something you can say to these young ladies. Something to help them with their self-esteem?
Cady (VO): Ms. Norbury had us confront each other directly about the things that were bothering us. And it seemed like every clique had its own problems.
Ms. Norbury: That's probably true. How many of you have ever felt personally victimized by Regina George? Good. OK, who's next? Who's next? Cady. Do you have anything you wanna own up to?
Cady (VO): Yes.
Cady: (lying) No.
Cady (VO): Just that you sell drugs.
Cady: (lying) No.
Cady (VO): I couldn't apologize to Ms. Norbury without getting blamed for the whole burn book.
Cady: (lying) No.
Ms. Norbury: I'm really disappointed in you, Cady. OK, so we're all here because of this book, right? Well, I don't know who wrote this book, but you all have got to stop calling each other sluts and whores. It just makes it OK for guys to call you sluts and whores. Who here has ever been called a slut? OK, everybody up.
Cady (VO): Ms. Norbury had us write out apologies to people that we'd hurt in our lives.
Mr. Duvall: Sharon, I think you're doing a great job.
Janis: OK, yeah, I've got an apology. So I have this friend who is a new student this year. And I convinced her that it would be fun to mess up Regina George's life. So I had her pretend to be friends with Regina, and then she would come to my house after and we would just laugh about all the dumb stuff Regina said. And we gave her these candy bar things that would make her gain weight, and we turned her best friends against her. And then...Oh, yeah, Cady…You know my friend Cady. She made out with Regina's boyfriend and then convinced him to break up with her. Oh, God, and we gave you foot cream instead of face wash. God! I am so sorry, Regina. Really, I don't know why I did it. I guess it's probably because I've got a big lesbian crush on you. Suck on that! AY-YI-YI-YI-YI-YI!
Cady: Regina! Regina, wait! I didn't mean for that to happen.
Cady: Regina, please! Regina, stop!
Cady (VO): And that's how Regina George died. No, I'm totally kidding. But she did get hurt. Some girls say they saw her head go all the way around. But that's just a rumor. Some people swear they saw me push her in front of the bus. That was an even worse rumor.
Cady: No. Mom, I didn't do it.
Cady: Mom, believe me. I'm your daughter.
Cady: Huh?
Cady: I don't know.
Cady: No.
Cady: Great. All my friends hate me, and now my mom hates me.
Cady: No. Only thing worse than going back will be not going back.
Cady: Remember when we saw those lions fighting over the wart hog carcass? I'll be the wart hog.
Cady: Oh, yeah. I need you to sign my calculus test.
Cady: I'm failing.
Mr. Duvall: Did your teacher ever try to sell you marijuana or Ecstasy tablets?
Cady: What's going on? Where's Ms. Norbury?
Aaron: Mr. Duvall, this is ridiculous. Ms. Norbury does not sell drugs.
Mr. Duvall: I know, Aaron. But after the allegations against Coach Carr turned out to be extremely true, the school board felt that it was best that we investigate every claim made in this Burn Book.
Mr. Duvall: Well, unless someone wants to come forward and say, "I made it all up", this is how we have to handle it. To say that someone...
Cady (VO): Oh, no. Bye, Aaron. You're gonna hate me forever.
Cady: Mr. Duvall. I wrote it.
Mr. Duvall: Come on, Cady.
Cady (VO): When you get bit by a snake, you're supposed to suck the poison out. That's what I had to do. Suck all the poison out of my life. I started with Regina, who was living proof that the more people are scared of you, the more flowers you get. Then there was Ms. Norbury, who was living proof that no good deed goes unpunished.
Cady: I'm just done with my quiz.
Cady: A lot.
Ms. Norbury: You didn't write that whole book yourself. Did you tell Mr. Duvall who else did it?
Cady: No, because I'm trying this new thing where I don't talk about people behind their backs.
Cady: Thanks. Anyway ...I'm sorry.
Kevin: (to Cady) What's up? (about the Mathletes championship) Excellent. Great turnout this year.
Cady: Yes.
Cady (VO): Shoot. I was really rusty.
Betsy: Where's Cady?
Kristen Hadley’s boyfriend: I'm voting for Cady Heron because she pushed her.
Cady: It's Cady. Oh, my God, that's me.
Cady (VO): Miss Caroline Krafft seriously needed to pluck her eyebrows. Her outfit looked like it was picked out by a blind Sunday school teacher. And she had some 99-cent lip gloss on her snaggletooth. And that's when I realized, making fun of Caroline Krafft wouldn't stop her from beating me in this contest.
Cady (VO): Calling somebody else fat won't make you any skinnier. Calling someone stupid doesn't make you any smarter. And ruining Regina George's life definitely didn't make me any happier. All you can do in life is try to solve the problem in front of you.
Cady (VO): Oh, crap. I lost.
Cady (VO): Limits. Why couldn't I remember anything about limits? Limits. That was the week Aaron got his hair cut. Oh, God, he looked so cute. OK, focus, Cady. What was on the board behind Aaron's head? If the limit never approaches anything...
Cady: The limit does not exist. The limit does not exist!
Cady: Thanks.
Cady: Oh, no, I'm not going.
Kevin: Cady, this is your night. Don't let the haters stop you from doing your thang.
Cady: Did you just say "thang"?
Ms. Norbury: Cady, you don't have to punish yourself forever.
Cady: But I'm grounded.
Mr. Duvall: All right, do we have all of our nominees for king and queen on the stage? OK, good. I just wanted to say that you're all winners. And I could not be happier that this school year's ending. Here we go. The winner of the Spring Fling King, Shane Oman.
Mr. Duvall: And your Spring Fling Queen, future co-chair of the Student Activities Board and winner of two gift certificates to the Walker Brothers Pancake House, Cady Heron. Where is Cady? There she is.
Cady: Wow. Thanks. Well, half the people in this room are mad at me. And the other half only like me because they think I pushed somebody in front of a bus. So that's not good.
Mr. Duvall: You know, it's not really required of you to make a speech.
Cady: I'm almost done, I swear. To all the people whose feelings that got hurt by the Burn Book, I'm really sorry. You know, I've never been to one of these things before. And when I think about how many people wanted this and how many people cried over it and stuff...I mean, I think everybody looks like royalty tonight. Look at Jessica Lopez. That dress is amazing. And Emma Gerber, I mean, that hairdo must have taken hours, and you look really pretty. So...why is everybody stressing over this thing? I mean, it's just plastic. Could really just…Share it. A piece for Gretchen Wieners, a partial Spring Fling Queen. A piece for Janis Ian.
Mr. Duvall: Seriously, most people just take the crown and go.
Cady: And a piece for Regina George. She fractured her spine, and she still looks like a rock star.
Cady: And some for everybody else. God, Mr. Duvall, can you wrap it up?
Mr. Duvall: Thanks. All right, have a good time, everyone.
Cady: Hey.
Cady: So are we still in a fight?
Cady: Mmmm, I don't think so.
Cady: I know this song!
Cady: Hey, what's up?
Cady: Thank you.
Cady: I was so nervous. They made us do limits. I thought I was gonna hurl.
Cady: It's fine.
Cady: No.
Cady: No.
Cady (VO): In case you're wondering, The Plastics broke up. Regina's spine healed, and her physical therapist taught her to channel all her rage into sports. It was perfect because the jock girls weren't afraid of her. Karen used her special talents to do the morning weather announcements.
Cady (VO): And Gretchen found herself a new clique and a new queen bee to serve. Aaron went to Northwestern, so I still get to see him on weekends. And me? I had gone from home-schooled jungle freak to shiny Plastic to most hated person in the world to actual human being.
Cady: Hey.
Cady (VO): All the drama from last year just wasn't important anymore. School used to be like a shark tank, but now I could just float.
Cady (VO): Finally, Girl World was at peace.
Cady (VO): And if any freshmen tried to disturb that peace…Well, let's just say we knew how to take care of it. Just kidding.
